ie lecce did this trick today and
I was inspired by a music video by
beyoncé that is called never liked me
a lot in that video the trick that a
she is a little different in the sense that she
water under a green eye shadow but not me
liked anyway note they do with
the green eyeshadow and I don't know I prefer
blue because I think blue does the
blue outline especially because it has the
brown eyes is much nicer because
the brown companies stand out even more
so I chose to do this trick
today I hope you enjoy it
I leave you on the wheel and send you a kiss
great hello
while the first in progress on the whole
but part after that I take this
white knicks pencil and I put it
only in the center of the eyelid
now let's take this beautiful eye shadow
blue is the time to put on
White
with a white base so vivid colors
present many more remain much
the more important we take this now
eye shadow which is a particular eye shadow
because it's a dark gray though
Also inside the blue and this
diva put in the inner corner
of the eye will also put in the corner
external
and a fold at this point I take this
beautiful rose and very slowly go
blend it with the most
now let's take this rose instead
pink a little more barbie then lighter
and this I must not put up here
please again the pencil and 3 course
and I also take this beautiful blue
very bright and I'm going to put it on
dish
to make this blue eyeshadow a
more clear and vibrant, the more you make choices
I go with some nice white eyeshadow
glittered to tap so you will see
which immediately becomes clearer also
it looks almost more metallic
now as dominant below and eyebrow
I'm going to get this eyeshadow this
eyeshadow of but which is called vanilla e
just hit I'm going to apply it to
apply it construct so I didn't have it
mixed well colored
for last thing in line with her and what
make my damn hair the usual ones
quarrels
but this time I don't do it
last minute simple tongue
what the mascara so a lot
black mascara is on the upper lashes
more
to issue the concealer under the eye
but to put the illuminant and today use
this is not rosy and more
transparent and should also remain
a little more delicate on the
cheeks and just that character not
I like it a little bit like placid chuso
this telematics is beautiful because
this rose very very very bright
like them 7 instead I put this one of pupa
is called miss pupa the number 103 and is
very very nice because it is a help
very bright but not too light
so don't go digging everything
believe this is natural apple tree
hence the final result of the trick
so I hope you enjoyed them and
I send a very big hello kiss